1. a)
FUNCTION make coffee
    READ status
    IF status equals null THEN
        SET completed to false
        SET brewing to false
        SET basket to null
        WHILE basket is not full
            basket equals basket plus one
        ENDWHILE
        SET brewing to true
        SET completed to true
    ENDIF
END FUNCTION

1. b)
FUNCTION wash dishes
    READ status
    IF status equals dirty THEN
        SET isDirty to true
        WHILE isDirty = true
            wash dishes
        ENDWHILE
        SET isDirty to false
    ENDIF
END FUNCTION

1. c)
FUNCTION fold laundry
    READ status
    IF status equals unfolded THEN
        SET isFolded to false
        WHILE isFolded = false
            fold laundry
        END WHILE
        SET isFoled to true
    ENDIF
END FUNCTION

2. There are three successful algorithms that instantly come to mind. First, eHarmony constantly boasts the ability of it's algorithm to create successful dating matches among its users.
They claim to have a 94% match success rate, which is incredibly high. Another company is Amazon for its ability to provide recommendations for products. Amazon uses a variety
of factors when considering what to recommend, including what others have purchased, related promoted products to that which you are viewing, and recommendations based on items on your wish list.
Finally, a successful algorithm would be that maintained by FaceBook to update each user's news feed. Like Amazon, FaceBook takes multiple inputs and provides a seamless user experience
by evaluating likes, comments, and posted content to determine which friend updates a user will see and which promoted content. All of these companies have prospered and become household names
because their algorithms work efficiently and provide automation for a service that may not otherwise have been able to be automated. 

3. Like any other code, there are a few things that likely make an effective algorithm. First, it must work. Second, it must be efficient in terms of speed of performance.
Third, it must be reusable so that it can be dropped into any related code and functioning properly. Finally, it should probably be readable to the degree that the creator and
any other developers can understand its purpose.